1284887242
AbstractFlightAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/abstract_flight_addition.rb	module AbstractFlightAddition 
Account	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/account.rb	class Account 
AccountsController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	class AccountsController 
AccountsHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/accounts_helper.rb	module AccountsHelper
AirfieldAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/airfield_addition.rb	module AirfieldAddition 
AirfieldsController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/airfields_controller.rb	class AirfieldsController 
AirfieldsHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/airfields_helper.rb	module AirfieldsHelper
ApplicationController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
CrewMemberAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/crew_member_addition.rb	module CrewMemberAddition
CrewsHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/crews_helper.rb	module CrewsHelper
Defaults	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/defaults.rb	class Defaults
FlightAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/flight_addition.rb	module FlightAddition 
FlightsController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/flights_controller.rb	class FlightsController 
FlightsHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/flights_helper.rb	module FlightsHelper
GroupsController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	class GroupsController 
GroupsHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/groups_helper.rb	module GroupsHelper
I18nController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/i18n_controller.rb	class I18nController 
I18nControllerHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/i18n_controller_helper.rb	module I18nControllerHelper
InstructorAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/instructor_addition.rb	module InstructorAddition
LaunchAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/launch_addition.rb	module LaunchAddition
LiabilityAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/liability_addition.rb	module LiabilityAddition
NCrewMemberAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/n_crew_member_addition.rb	module NCrewMemberAddition
PeopleController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	class PeopleController 
PeopleHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/people_helper.rb	module PeopleHelper
PersonAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/person_addition.rb	module PersonAddition
PersonCostCategoriesController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/person_cost_categories_controller.rb	class PersonCostCategoriesController 
PersonCostCategoriesHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/person_cost_categories_helper.rb	module PersonCostCategoriesHelper
PersonCostCategoryMembershipsController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/person_cost_category_memberships_controller.rb	class PersonCostCategoryMembershipsController 
PersonCostCategoryMembershipsHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/person_cost_category_memberships_helper.rb	module PersonCostCategoryMembershipsHelper
PersonCrewMemberAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/person_crew_member_addition.rb	module PersonCrewMemberAddition
PilotInCommandAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/pilot_in_command_addition.rb	module PilotInCommandAddition
PlaneAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/plane_addition.rb	module PlaneAddition
PlaneCostCategoriesController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_categories_controller.rb	class PlaneCostCategoriesController 
PlaneCostCategoriesHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/plane_cost_categories_helper.rb	module PlaneCostCategoriesHelper
PlaneCostCategoryMembershipsController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_category_memberships_controller.rb	class PlaneCostCategoryMembershipsController 
PlaneCostCategoryMembershipsHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/plane_cost_category_memberships_helper.rb	module PlaneCostCategoryMembershipsHelper
PlaneCostRulesController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_rules_controller.rb	class PlaneCostRulesController 
PlanesController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/planes_controller.rb	class PlanesController 
PlanesHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/planes_helper.rb	module PlanesHelper
SCOPES	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/timeline_stuff.rb	  SCOPES =
SessionsController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
TimeCostRulesController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/time_cost_rules_controller.rb	class TimeCostRulesController 
TimeCostRulesHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/time_cost_rules_helper.rb	module TimeCostRulesHelper
TimelineHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/timeline_helper.rb	module TimelineHelper
TimelineStuff	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/timeline_stuff.rb	module TimelineStuff
TimelinesController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/timelines_controller.rb	class TimelinesController 
TowCostRulesController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/tow_cost_rules_controller.rb	class TowCostRulesController 
TowFlightAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/tow_flight_addition.rb	module TowFlightAddition 
TowLaunchAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/tow_launch_addition.rb	module TowLaunchAddition
TraineeAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/trainee_addition.rb	module TraineeAddition
VARS	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/timeline_stuff.rb	  VARS =
WireLaunchAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/wire_launch_addition.rb	module WireLaunchAddition
WireLaunchCostRulesController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launch_cost_rules_controller.rb	class WireLaunchCostRulesController 
WireLauncherAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/wire_launcher_addition.rb	module WireLauncherAddition
WireLauncherCostCategoriesController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launcher_cost_categories_controller.rb	class WireLauncherCostCategoriesController 
WireLauncherCostCategoriesHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/wire_launcher_cost_categories_helper.rb	module WireLauncherCostCategoriesHelper
WireLauncherCostCategoryMembershipsController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launcher_cost_category_memberships_controller.rb	class WireLauncherCostCategoryMembershipsController 
WireLauncherCostCategoryMembershipsHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/wire_launcher_cost_category_memberships_helper.rb	module WireLauncherCostCategoryMembershipsHelper
WireLaunchersController	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launchers_controller.rb	class WireLaunchersController 
WireLaunchersHelper	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/wire_launchers_helper.rb	module WireLaunchersHelper
airfield	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/defaults.rb	  attr_accessor :airfield, :tow_plane
all_changes	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/abstract_flight_addition.rb	  def all_changes
all_versions	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/abstract_flight_addition.rb	  def all_versions
authenticate	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/account.rb	  def self.authenticate
bordbook	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/flights_controller.rb	  def bordbook
create	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/airfields_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/flights_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/person_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/planes_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/time_cost_rules_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launchers_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/airfields_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/flights_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/person_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/planes_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/airfields_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/flights_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/person_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/planes_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launchers_controller.rb	  def edit
format_currency	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def format_currency
format_date	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def format_date
format_datetime	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def format_datetime
format_minutes	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def format_minutes
format_time	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def format_time
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/abstract_flight_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/airfield_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/crew_member_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/flight_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/instructor_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/launch_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/liability_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/n_crew_member_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/person_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/person_crew_member_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/pilot_in_command_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/plane_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/tow_flight_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/tow_launch_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/trainee_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/wire_launch_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/wire_launcher_addition.rb	  def self.included
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/airfields_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/flights_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/i18n_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/person_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/person_cost_category_memberships_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_category_memberships_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_rules_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/planes_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/time_cost_rules_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/tow_cost_rules_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launch_cost_rules_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launcher_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launcher_cost_category_memberships_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launchers_controller.rb	  def index
javascript	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def javascript
javascript	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def self.javascript
labeled_text_field	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def labeled_text_field
link_to_current_account	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/accounts_helper.rb	  def link_to_current_account
load_flights	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/flights_controller.rb	  def load_flights
login	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/account.rb	  def login
navigation_items	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def navigation_items
new	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/airfields_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/flights_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/person_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/planes_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/time_cost_rules_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launchers_controller.rb	  def new
note_failed_signin	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def note_failed_signin
parse_after	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def parse_after
parse_json	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def parse_json
parse_json_dates	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def parse_json_dates
sanitize_range	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/timeline_stuff.rb	  def sanitize_range
setup_groups	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/timeline_stuff.rb	  def setup_groups
setup_range	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/timeline_stuff.rb	  def setup_range
setup_scope	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/timeline_stuff.rb	  def setup_scope
setup_vars	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/timeline_stuff.rb	  def setup_vars
show	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/airfields_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/flights_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/person_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/planes_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/timelines_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launchers_controller.rb	  def show
stylesheet	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def self.stylesheet
stylesheet	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def stylesheet
timeline_locals	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/timeline_stuff.rb	  def timeline_locals
tow_plane	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/defaults.rb	  attr_accessor :airfield, :tow_plane
update	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/airfields_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/flights_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/person_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_categories_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/plane_cost_category_memberships_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/planes_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/controllers/wire_launchers_controller.rb	  def update
