1284712967
AbstractFlightAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/abstract_flight_addition.rb	module AbstractFlightAddition 
Account	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/account.rb	class Account 
AirfieldAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/airfield_addition.rb	module AirfieldAddition 
CrewMemberAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/crew_member_addition.rb	module CrewMemberAddition
Defaults	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/defaults.rb	class Defaults
FlightAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/flight_addition.rb	module FlightAddition 
InstructorAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/instructor_addition.rb	module InstructorAddition
LaunchAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/launch_addition.rb	module LaunchAddition
LiabilityAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/liability_addition.rb	module LiabilityAddition
NCrewMemberAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/n_crew_member_addition.rb	module NCrewMemberAddition
PersonAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/person_addition.rb	module PersonAddition
PersonCrewMemberAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/person_crew_member_addition.rb	module PersonCrewMemberAddition
PilotInCommandAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/pilot_in_command_addition.rb	module PilotInCommandAddition
PlaneAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/plane_addition.rb	module PlaneAddition
TowFlightAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/tow_flight_addition.rb	module TowFlightAddition 
TowLaunchAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/tow_launch_addition.rb	module TowLaunchAddition
TraineeAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/trainee_addition.rb	module TraineeAddition
WireLaunchAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/wire_launch_addition.rb	module WireLaunchAddition
WireLauncherAddition	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/wire_launcher_addition.rb	module WireLauncherAddition
airfield	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/defaults.rb	  attr_accessor :airfield, :tow_plane
all_changes	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/abstract_flight_addition.rb	  def all_changes
all_versions	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/abstract_flight_addition.rb	  def all_versions
authenticate	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/account.rb	  def self.authenticate
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/abstract_flight_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/airfield_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/crew_member_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/flight_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/instructor_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/launch_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/liability_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/n_crew_member_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/person_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/person_crew_member_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/pilot_in_command_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/plane_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/tow_flight_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/tow_launch_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/trainee_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/wire_launch_addition.rb	  def self.included
included	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/wire_launcher_addition.rb	  def self.included
login	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/account.rb	  def login
tow_plane	/home/moser/code/foxtrot_mike/server/app/models/defaults.rb	  attr_accessor :airfield, :tow_plane
